craving a creamy frozen treat these
strawberry and lemon layered yogurt pops
are just the answer with just a few
drops from the Wilton triology flavor
system you'll get a burst of sweet
lemony flavor paired with a hint of
basil the ingredients you'll need are in
a medium-sized bowl stir together one
and a quarter cups of yogurt the chopped
strawberries four tablespoons of milk
two tablespoons of honey two drops of
triology fresh basil flavor and one drop
of the sweet Meyer lemon flavor full fat
Greek yogurt makes creamier pops low-fat
and nonfat yogurts are more watery which
that makes for an icy ER pop divide the
yogurt mixture evenly into the silicone
shot glass mold cavities
shake or tap the silicone to even out
the yogurt freeze until firm about eight
hours in a small bowl stir together the
remaining three quarter cups of yogurt 2
tablespoons of milk 2 tablespoons of
honey four drops of sweet Meyer lemon
flavor and lemon yellow icing color
remove the pops from the mold the
silicone makes popping them out quick
and easy and you can put the mold right
into the dishwasher divide the lemon
mixture evenly into the cavities of the
Pops and place a lollipop stick in the
center of the lemon mixture freeze until
firm about 8 hours make a batch and keep
them on hand for hot summer days for
more recipes featuring the treat ology
flavor system visit wilton.com
you